My batch of nitpicking: (#700)
jspecify/jspecify: docs/docs/spec.md

This document specifies the semantics of our set of nullness annotations.

> > The primary audience for this document is the authors of analysis tools. Some

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> This document is mainly useful to authors of analysis tools. Some
```

> > very advanced users might find it interesting. But it would make a very poor

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> very advanced users might find it interesting, but it would make a very poor
```

except for when we link to the Java Language Specification to defer to its
rules.

> ### The word "nullable"
>

> > In this doc, we aim not to refer to whether a type "is nullable." Instead, we

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> In this doc, we try not to refer to whether a type "is nullable." Instead, we
```

> > draw some distinctions, creating at least four kinds of "Is it nullable?"
> > questions we can ask for any given type usage:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> define at least four kinds of "Is it nullable?"
> questions we can ask for any given type usage:
```

Also, why hedge with "at least"? Are there more than four?

Author: I'll update it to say "four."

>

> > 1.  What is the [augmented type] of that type usage?

Reviewer: I'm still not convinced that this is an "is it nullable" question. This is how JSpecify proposes that people _answer_ any of the "is it nullable" questions. But okay.

Author: Yeah, I think we've made a couple attempts at how to phrase this. I'm sure we could find something that works better.

> 2.  Do I have to handle the case where `null` comes out of it?
> 3.  Do I have to prevent `null` from going into it?
> 4.  Is this type a subtype of that type with respect to nullness?
>
> ### The scope of this spec
>

> > Currently, this spec does not address *when* tools must apply any part of the

Reviewer: "Currently"? How about "Not since 1947"? 😆 

Maybe "importantly" or "crucially" (too strong?).

Author: Maybe we can just remove the word? I don't know, would something be "missing?"

Reviewer: That would currently be fine.

> spec. For example, it does not state when tools must check that the
> [subtyping] relation holds.
>

> > We anticipate that tools will typically apply parts of this spec in the same
> > cases that they (or `javac`) already apply the corresponding parts of the Java

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> We anticipate that tools will typically apply each part of this spec in the same
> cases that they (or `javac`) already apply the corresponding part of the Java
```

I think this is stronger. Otherwise it sounds like they'll just randomly pick parts of the spec to apply.

> `List<@Nullable Foo>`, we anticipate that tools will check that `@Nullable
> Foo` is a subtype of the bound of the type parameter of `List`.
>
> However, this is up to tool authors, who may have reasons to take a different
> approach. For example:
>
> -   Java [places some restrictions that are not necessary for soundness][#49],
>     and it
>     [is lenient in at least one way that can lead to runtime errors][#65].
>
> -   JSpecify annotations can be used even by tools that are not "nullness
>     checkers" at all. For example, a tool that lists the members of an API
>     could show the nullness of each type in the API, without any checking that
>     those types are "correct."
>
> -   Even when a tool is a "nullness checker," it might be written for another
>     language, like Kotlin, with its own rules for when to perform type checks.
>     Or the tool might target a future version of Java whose language features
>     would not be covered by this version of this spec.
>
> Note also that this spec covers only nullness information *from JSpecify
> annotations*. Tools may have additional sources of information. For example, a

> > tool may recognize additional annotations. Or a tool may omit the concept of

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> tool may recognize additional annotations, or a tool may omit the concept of
```

> Our goal is to allow tools and their users to choose their desired level of
> strictness in the presence of `UNSPECIFIED`. The basic idea is that, every
> time a tool encounters a type component with the nullness operator
> `UNSPECIFIED`, it has the option to fork off three "worlds": one in which the
> operator is `UNION_NULL`, one in which it is `MINUS_NULL`, and one in which it
> is `NO_CHANGE`.
>
> In more detail: When tools lack a nullness specification for a type, they may

> > choose to assume that either of the resulting worlds may be the "correct"

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
> choose to assume that any of the resulting worlds may be the "correct"
```

I agree that it should be three options. This reference to "either" should be changed to "any". I didn't look whether there are other references to "two" or "either".
